docs: clarify `shared/` is v4 only (#1725)
nuxt/nuxt.com: content/7.blog/27.v3-14.md

You should never import Vue app code in your nitro code (or the other way around). But this has meant a friction point when it comes to sharing types or utilities that _don't_ rely on the nitro/vue contexts.

> For this, we have a new `shared/` folder ([#28682](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt/pull/28682)) which you can enable with the `compatibilityVersion: 4` flag. You can't import Vue or nitro code _into_ files in this folder, but it produces auto-imports you can consume throughout the rest of your app.

Reviewer: Might be better to link the "Testing Nuxt 4" guide here? https://nuxt.com/docs/getting-started/upgrade#testing-nuxt-4

Author: Thanks for the review! I added the link to testing Nuxt 4.

> For this, we have a new `shared/` folder ([#28682](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt/pull/28682)). You can try it by [testing Nuxt 4](/docs/getting-started/upgrade#testing-nuxt-4). You can't import Vue or nitro code _into_ files in this folder, but it produces auto-imports you can consume throughout the rest of your app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this, we have a new `shared/` folder ([#28682](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt/pull/28682)). You can't import Vue or nitro code _into_ files in this folder, but it produces auto-imports (if you're using `compatibilityVersion: 4`) which you can consume throughout the rest of your app.
```
